planning/development-strategy.md, before:

> this is one possible development strategy, maybe your group has a different idea!

# JavaScript Quiz

This is a simple website in which users can check their JS knowledge by taking a quick quiz.

---

## User Story Dependencies

![Story Dependency Diagram]()

---

## WIREFRAME

![wireframe]()

---

## 0.Setup

- Start a repo.
- Study (and possibly modify) the backlog
- Design a simple wireframe to set guidelines for UI/UX design.
- Devise a development strategy.

---

## 1. Initialize Application

**As a user I want to see the home page when I load the site**

- _acceptance criteria_
- _acceptance criteria_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `_`.
- This branch is merged to `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---

## 2. Begin the Quiz

**As a user I want to see at least 8 quiz questions**

- _acceptance criteria_
- _acceptance criteria_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on the branch `_`
- This branch is merged to the `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---

## 3. Select an answer

**As a user I want to select my answer for each quiz question**

- _acceptance criteria_
- _acceptance criteria_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on the branch `_`
- This branch is merged to the `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---

## 4.a View Score

**As a user I want to see my score**

- _acceptance criteria_
- _acceptance criteria_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on the branch `_`
- This branch is merged to the `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---

## 4.b Get Feedback

**As a user I want to know the correct answers for incorrect questions**

- _acceptance criteria_
- _acceptance criteria_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on the branch `_`
- This branch is merged to the `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---

## 5. Cheat

**As a user I want to be able to see the correct answers without taking the quiz**

- _acceptance criteria_
- _acceptance criteria_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on the branch `_`
- This branch is merged to the `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---

Commit message:

add data to dev-strat

planning/development-strategy.md, after:

> this is one possible development strategy, maybe your group has a different idea!

# JavaScript Quiz

This is a simple website in which users can check their JS knowledge by taking a quick quiz.

---

## Data

> describe the data used in your project.
>
> - what properties?
> - what types?
> - what are array entries like?

---

## User Story Dependencies

![Story Dependency Diagram]()

---

## WIREFRAME

![wireframe]()

---

## 0.Setup

- Start a repo.
- Study (and possibly modify) the backlog
- Design a simple wireframe to set guidelines for UI/UX design.
- Devise a development strategy.

---

## 1. Initialize Application

**As a user I want to see the home page when I load the site**

- _acceptance criteria_
- _acceptance criteria_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `_`.
- This branch is merged to `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---

## 2. Begin the Quiz

**As a user I want to see at least 8 quiz questions**

- _acceptance criteria_
- _acceptance criteria_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on the branch `_`
- This branch is merged to the `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---

## 3. Select an answer

**As a user I want to select my answer for each quiz question**

- _acceptance criteria_
- _acceptance criteria_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on the branch `_`
- This branch is merged to the `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---

## 4.a View Score

**As a user I want to see my score**

- _acceptance criteria_
- _acceptance criteria_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on the branch `_`
- This branch is merged to the `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---

## 4.b Get Feedback

**As a user I want to know the correct answers for incorrect questions**

- _acceptance criteria_
- _acceptance criteria_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on the branch `_`
- This branch is merged to the `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---

## 5. Cheat

**As a user I want to be able to see the correct answers without taking the quiz**

- _acceptance criteria_
- _acceptance criteria_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on the branch `_`
- This branch is merged to the `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---
